Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice to all  <AppName> Website and App Users
Version last revised: April 09th 2024

Introduction

<App>Apps ("We," "us," or "our") values the privacy of our users ("you"). This Privacy Policy outlines how we handle the personal information we collect from you when you use our mobile application (the "App"). Please review this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we protect your privacy. By using the App, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may update this policy from time to time. Any changes will be communicated by posting the updated policy on the App or our website, and through other appropriate communication channels. Your continued use of the App after any changes indicates your acceptance of the new terms.

1、Important contact information
暂时无法在飞书文档外展示此内容

2、Introduction and purpose of this Privacy Notice

We, the above-named controller (“<App>”, "We," "us," or "our") is committed to protecting personal data concerning you, and respecting your privacy.

When you use our products and services, including websites such as <domain>, or mobile apps, we will process certain personal data that concerns you.  ‘Process’ or ‘processing’ as used in this Privacy Notice includes any operation performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, like collection, storage, organisation, retrieval, updating, amending, deletion, consultation, use, sharing or making available internally or to others.

This Website and App Users Website Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) sets out details of the processing we carry out, the purpose of the processing, the legal basis for the processing, our legal obligations as controller, and your rights in relation to that processing.

3、Personal data we may collect from you and how we process it

If you visit one of our websites, including  <domain>
- IP Address
We will process this information in order to:
- Give you access to the website
- Enhance your experience
- Improve the experience of all our users.

See also the information on cookies below and the cookie policy and cookie consent on the relevant website.
 
If you use one of our mobile apps
All the above information plus:
- Apple or Google User ID
- Specific user behaviour characteristics
- Preferences including advertising preferences
- Technical device data, device and website usage data.
- the name you have associated with your device
- your country
- your specific geolocation
- information about <App> and other third-party apps you have on your device
- a <App> player ID number that is created by <App> and used to identify you

We will process this information in order to:
- optimise your experience
- secure your user data and personal data
- improve our mobile apps
 
In some cases we will ask your permission before requesting access to this personal data in the context in which it is processed within the app.  The level of access may also depend on your device’s privacy settings which can be adjusted on the settings menu of your device.

//有谷歌内购的产品可以加上
If you purchase goods or services directly from us

If you purchase a licence to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items in a game you play on <domain>, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. Note that this third party payment processor will be the controller in relation to certain processing relating to the transaction. You will be informed of their identity and provided with information on how they process your personal data at the time the payment is made.

This may include any of the above information plus:
- Sales information, including transaction history and payment information
- Bank account information
- Credit card information
They will process this information in order to:
- Process your payment or refund your payment
- Identify you
- Protect you and us from fraud
- Prevent crime

<App>  may obtain the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device. Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges, billing practices, third-party credits and virtual currencies. Please note that purchases of third party credits or currencies may also be subject to those parties’ policies.

4、Lawful basis of processing

We process all of the above data in the pursuit of our legitimate business interests, including the pursuit of new business, new customers and revenue streams, as well as the development of new, improved apps and games and building our share of the market, our reputation and brands.
In some cases we also need to process the personal data pursuant to a contract with you or a third party, such as Apple or Google, or to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we have not indicated that a lawful basis other than legitimate interest applies, you are entitled to object to the processing of the persona data.

5、Rights of EU Residents

Residents of the European Economic Area (EEA) have additional rights, including the right to obtain copies of personal data and to file complaints with local data protection authorities. Data may be transferred outside the EEA to jurisdictions with varying levels of protection, and by using the App, you explicitly agree to such transfers. Consent may be revoked at any time.

6、Third-Party Service Providers
We will share your information with third-party companies to perform services on our behalf, like processing payments, analyzing data, optimizing game play, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to help us in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering contextual and tailored advertisements. We contractually require these third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information we share with them, and we contractually require them not use your information for anything other than to provide services on our behalf.

7、Cookies, analytics and automated information collection
We and service providers acting on our behalf, like Aliyun SLS, store log files and use tracking technologies such as:
- cookies, which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes;
- web beacons, which let us know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened;
- tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively; and
- local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.
- We and our service providers use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:
- IP addresses;
- the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
- your operating system version;
- your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);
- your device types;
- your device language;
- referring and exit pages, and URLs;
- platform type;
- the number of clicks on a page or feature;
- domain names;
- landing pages;
- pages viewed and the order of those pages;
- the amount of time spent on particular pages; and
- game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games.
- In some cases, we will connect this information with your social network ID or <App>  player ID.
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may also use cookies or other technologies as described below, and those practices are subject to those companies’ own policies.  More information on how third parties may use your data in our Services go to Appendix A and Appendix B further below.
8、Personal data concerning you that we may process on behalf of others
For a personalized advertisement experience, the advertising networks and their partners, some of which are listed below may collect or receive device information from our apps and other apps that include personal and non-personal information, such as advertising (or ad) identifiers, IP address, or other information regarding the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with them, inventory of installed apps and/or other tracking technologies to provide measurement services, personalization, ad selection, delivery, reporting, and optimize targeted ads. You can learn more about how each handles your data by accessing their respective privacy notices using the hyperlinks below.

9、How We Share Your Information
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you) and other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, advertising, and other business purposes.
In addition, we may share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than <App>) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services

10、Privacy policies of linked third-party services and advertisers
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from Third-Party Services, which are companies other than <App> that may link to their own websites, online services or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third-Party Services. If you have any questions about how these Third-Party Services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.

11、Protection of Children's Information
We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13 (or under 16 in the EEA). If a parent or guardian believes their child has provided us with personal information without their consent, they should contact us immediately, and we will take steps to remove such information.

12、Retention of Information
We retain your information only for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to comply with legal obligations, or until you request its deletion. As such, we will store your information for the duration of your interaction with the mobile application provided as part of our Services. After that period, information will be permanently deleted or de-identified for use in analytics.

13、Security of your information
We implement security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline. We take steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

We use industry-standard security measures, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards, as well as encryption where necessary, to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.

While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information while it is being transmitted to our Service. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us at <Email>.

14、 Changes to our privacy policy
We may need to update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our data processing practices. If we do this and the changes are material, we will post a notice on  <Email> for at least 8 days before the changes are made.  You can see the date this Privacy Notice was last revised at the top of the page.

15、Your rights
The applicable data protection laws give you certain specific rights in relation to the processing of personal data that concerns you.
Please note that not all these apply in all circumstances.  However, you are always welcome to contact us with any request relating to processing of your personal data. Even where we are not obliged by law to comply with your request, we will try to accommodate your wishes.
- Access – you have the right to access personal data concerning you and certain information about how and why we are processing it;
- Rectification – you have the right to have any inaccurate or incomplete personal data rectified without undue delay;
- Erasure – Sometimes called the ‘right to be forgotten’, in certain circumstances, you have the right to have personal data that concerns you erased without undue delay;
- Restriction – in certain circumstances, you have the right to have our processing of personal data concerning you restricted;
- Data portability – in certain limited circumstances, you have the right to receive any personal data concerning you that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance; and
- Objection – in certain circumstances, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data carried out by us or on our behalf where it concerns you.

16、Contact Us
If you have any questions about your personal data or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at <Email>.

APPENDIX A – Advertising networks and their partners
Advertising networks
description
Privacy Policy
AppLovin
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation (US)
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Fyber
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Group. (IL)
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
IronSource
IronSource is an advertising service provided by IronSource, Inc. (US)
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
Liftoff
Liftoff is an advertising service provided by Vungle, Inc. (US)
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Ads, Inc. (US)
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Topon 
Topon is an advertising service provided by Topon Corporation,Inc. (CH)
https://newdocs.toponad.com/docs/1Mn1B7
Yeahmobi
Yeahmobi is an advertising service provided by Yeahmobi,Inc. (SG)
https://www.yuque.com/maticoo/ivzbqi/wnvgpg
BIGO Ads 
BIGO Ads is an advertising service provided by BIGO TECHNOLOGY PTE LTD,Inc. (SG)
https://activity.bigo.tv/live/about/policy.html
Pangle Ad

Pangle Ad is an advertising service provided by BYTEDANCE PTE.LTD,Inc. (CH)
https://www.pangleglobal.com/zh/policy-center
Mintegral
Mintegral Ad is an advertising service provided by Mintegral,Inc. (CH)
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy
InMobi Mobile Ads
InMobi Mobile Ads  is an advertising service provided by InMobi,Inc. (IN)
https://www.inmobi.cn/privacy-policy/
Chartboost
Chartboost Ad  is an advertising service provided by Chartboost,Inc. (US)
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/legal/privacy-policy/

APPENDIX B – Analytics and other service providers
We use your information to perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties and other essential functions. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving the Services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. In order to learn about how your information is used by our analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to each provider’s privacy notice.
 service providers
description
Privacy Policy
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. (US)
 http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AWS
AWS is cloud computing services provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (US).
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Adjust
Adjust is analytics service provided by Adjust (Germany)
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
aliyun-log-android-sdk
aliyun is cloud computing services provided by ali Web Services, Inc. (CH).
https://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud201902141711_54837.html
